Sqreen integration (#851)
DataDog/integrations-extras: sqreen/README.md

# Sqreen Integration

## Overview

The Sqreen integration enables you and your team to monitor your service security activity right from Datadog.

> It provides you with dashboards, security rules, log facets and saved views.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It provides you with dashboards, security rules, log facets, and saved views.
```

> This integration is only available to Datadog AppSec design partners. 

Reviewer: Is there somewhere to link that describes what an AppSec design partner is?

Author: @apigirl this integration will be fully private, meaning no accounts besides the design partners one should see it on the docs nor on the Dashboard. Knowing this, I'm not sure it's worth describing it. Wdyt?

Reviewer 2: let's just say that it's only available to Datadog and Sqreen customers?

Author: Fixed

It requires the Sqreen microagent to be deployed in the web services to secure. 

![Sqreen Insights in Datadog][1]

### Security Rules

This integration contains 2 security rules: 
* Security Incident detected by Sqreen
* A user logged in from a new country

> Once setup, you'll be able to review their full definition from the [Security Rules list](https://app.datadoghq.com/security/configuration/rules?sort=rule&query=source%3Asqreen).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once set up, you'll be able to review their full definition from the [Security Rules list](https://app.datadoghq.com/security/configuration/rules?sort=rule&query=source%3Asqreen).
```

## Setup

### Configure the Sqreen -> Datadog data pipeline

Sqreen streams your services security activity to Datadog as logs.

Here's the steps to follow to set it up:

> 1. Go to the [Sqreen Dashboard > Organization settings > Integrations](https://my.sqreen.com/profile/organization/integrations),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the [Sqreen Dashboard > Organization settings > Integrations](https://my.sqreen.com/profile/organization/integrations).
```

> 2. Add a new "Push API" integration and select "datadog" as the destination,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add a new "Push API" integration and select `datadog` as the destination.
```

> 3. Choose the corresponding intake server URL. For Datadog US: http-intake.logs.datadoghq.com. For Datadog EU: http-intake.logs.datadoghq.eu,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Choose the corresponding intake server URL. For Datadog US: `http-intake.logs.datadoghq.com`. For Datadog EU: `http-intake.logs.datadoghq.eu`.
```

> 4. In the "dd_api_key", provide a Datadog API key used to stream the Sqreen data as logs. [Datadog API keys management page](https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the `dd_api_key` field, provide a [Datadog API key][2] used to stream the Sqreen data as logs.
```

After a few seconds, the first logs with `source:sqreen` should be flowing in. 

The assets bundled in this integration will be deployed into your Datadog account.

### Troubleshooting

> In case you face any issues using this integration, please reach out to [support@sqreen.com](mailto:support@sqreen.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For support, reach out to [support@sqreen.com](mailto:support@sqreen.com).
```

## Payload Reference Documentation

The log format is fully documented on the [Sqreen documentation](https://docs.sqreen.com/integrations/datadog-integration/).

> 

Reviewer: You are missing the required Data collected section. For a good example, see https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/tree/master/postman#data-collected

Author: Fixed

> [1]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/sqreen/images/sqreen_dashboard.png

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[1]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/sqreen/images/sqreen_dashboard.png
[2]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#api 
[3]: https://docs.sqreen.com/integrations/datadog-integration/
```

# Sqreen Integration

## Overview

The Sqreen integration enables you and your team to monitor your service security activity right from Datadog.

It provides you with dashboards, security rules, log facets, and saved views.

This integration is only available to Datadog and Sqreen design partners. 

> It requires the Sqreen microagent to be deployed in the web services to secure. 

Author: the web services

![Sqreen Insights in Datadog][1]

### Security Rules

This integration contains 2 security rules: 
* Security Incident detected by Sqreen
* A user logged in from a new country

> Once set up, you'll be able to review their full definition from the [Security Rules list](https://app.datadoghq.com/security/configuration/rules?sort=rule&query=source%3Asqreen).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Once set up, you'll be able to review these rules' full definitions from the [Security Rules list](https://app.datadoghq.com/security/configuration/rules?sort=rule&query=source%3Asqreen).
```

## Setup

### Configure the Sqreen -> Datadog data pipeline

Sqreen streams your services security activity to Datadog as logs.

> Here's the steps to follow to set it up:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To set it up:
```

1. Go to the [Sqreen Dashboard > Organization settings > Integrations](https://my.sqreen.com/profile/organization/integrations).
2. Add a new "Push API" integration and select `datadog` as the destination.
3. Choose the corresponding intake server URL. For Datadog US: `http-intake.logs.datadoghq.com`. For Datadog EU: `http-intake.logs.datadoghq.eu`.
4. In the `dd_api_key` field, provide a [Datadog API key][2] used to stream the Sqreen data as logs.

After a few seconds, the first logs with `source:sqreen` should be flowing in. 

> The assets bundled in this integration will be deployed into your Datadog account.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The assets bundled in this integration are deployed into your Datadog account.
```

### Troubleshooting

> For support, reach out to [support@sqreen.com](mailto:support@sqreen.com).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For support, reach out to [Datadog Support](/help).
```

> ## Payload Reference Documentation

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Payload reference documentation
```

> The log format is fully documented on the [Sqreen documentation](https://docs.sqreen.com/integrations/datadog-integration/).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The log format is fully documented in the [Sqreen documentation](https://docs.sqreen.com/integrations/datadog-integration/).
```
